feat: expose binary version in constants (#2555)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/stdlib/constants.md

* `constants.hostname`: The hostname of the machine {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is running   on.
* `constants.os`: The operating system {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is running on.
* `constants.arch`: The architecture of the system {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is running on.

> - `constants.version` : The version of the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance, if the binary was build with the version information, otherwise empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `constants.version` : The version of the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance if the binary was built with the version information, otherwise it's an empty string.
```
